Add QR code flow description and problem statement (#18)
digitalservicebund/useid-architecture: research/device-switch/problem-statement.md

# Problem statement for the device switch

## Problem 

> The `tcTokenUrl` and the corresponding `refreshAddress` inside the `tcToken` contain sensitive information.
> By using phishing, an attacker can start a legitimate flow with an eService, forward the `tcTokenUrl` to a victim,
> who identifies for this session, and call the `refreshAddress` of the victim on their device.
> Since there is no second authentication to the `refreshAddress`, just by knowing and being the first
> one to open it, the attacker can impersonate the user.

Reviewer: I am missing the context where this attack could be applied.
```suggestion
The `tcTokenUrl` and the corresponding `refreshAddress` inside the `tcToken` contain sensitive information.
If the reading of the identity card happens on a separate device than the normal identification flow and both devices are not bound an attacker could launch a phishing attack.
An attacker can start a legitimate flow with an eService, forward the `tcTokenUrl` to a victim,
who identifies for this session, and call the `refreshAddress` of the victim on their device.
Since there is no second authentication to the `refreshAddress`, just by knowing and being the first
one to open it, the attacker can impersonate the user.
```
